TODO: Reflect on what you learned this week and what is still unclear.
Everything is unclear at the moment... the Net had crashed half way through the lecture for about 20 mins.  At the beginning I may have lost information as I tried to get someone to help me on how to remove the video bar off screen so I can actually see what is on underneath the desktop show case all.  And then when the net came back the screen was like (Mr GARGAMEL (voice gargling, I was being creative with my writing) from the Smurfs_ for about 30 mins... I couldn't understand the connection cause (crackling like bacon) and it's lunchtime and I waited and I asked and then waiting... and thought well everyone is hungry (so is my computer). I left and came home and made pizza and a baked pancake with raspberry jam inside.  Well, that was indeed yummy.
You wouldn't think the mowing outside would affect the lectures.  Lines are too close to the surface of the lawn or the stress of the junction is great that perhaps they forgot to put conduit over the top of the net lines in the grassland, that is causing the stress on all undue activity.
These days people create affordable items because costs are high.  Never the good old days and sometimes the quality is not there?  I not an electrician but if they plug their electrical tools in the socket of the small country study centre, most certainly there would be some electrical surge.  If I were to make a socket it will be safe cause there was no shock and strong cause there was no power failure. No muffler to stop outside noise from distraction which wasn't the issue.   The crackling sound of the speech, from the men using the electrical machines for outdoors had made it virtually impossible to understand the lecturer.
well, in my response to my argument, I thought that if I were to build anything similar with so much power, I would not have the same line for outside electrical whipper snippers...etc. I would put-in another domain so that the crackling would not occur or use a different power source for outside work such as solar, like in UNSW, opposite the library a courtyard with solar power supply.  I want that NOW!
I hope I get to study that, cause I wouldn't mind making my own for my own house, one day.  
Having said that, I actually do have my own Power-pole in my yard.  Energy Australia is trying to make it look like their own power-pole, by placing a metal code on it and are making me share my pole with lousy next door neighbours.  But, I know that is a private pole and people like claiming as their own, because that is what they do.  Well, I will claim my pole for myself again.  Bastards cannot take everything away from me. 
This private pole will have a secure solar connection with a couple double waterproof sockets so that no-one else can use it and a camera and high led light attached to it so the bastards will get caught. Perhaps, a BBQ attached nearby? Secure so that not even a Fijian can climb it.  
I might even have my electricity connected up to that, solar.  But why, does solar have to be in rows on tops of roofs?  Perhaps I can design a pergola with a fitting attached to it as well? Well, I do have a garage that is 12 meters by 5 meters to place the solar panels on. But, that would be another course.

(Goulburn is a crazy country town, Argh! Annoyed with people, its like talking to a robot and it repeating back again; I suppose its okay, since, I have forgotten some computer bits and appointment with lecturer, etc...)
Wk3: Another attempt to save, stage, commit and push after amending exercises.  I will need to look into it again, as I know I left something out.  But, this will do for now.  
Added exercise 3 with the help from lecturer.  It all made sense, but, now I am on my own.  I feel lost.  I hope I can continue to finish these exercises today.  I need extra guidance.
